.\" 
.\" mod_mono manual page.
.\" (C) 2004 Novell, Inc. 
.\" Author:
.\"   Gonzalo Paniagua Javier (gonzalo@ximian.com)
.\"
.de Sp \" Vertical space (when we can't use .PP)
.if t .sp .5v
.if n .sp
..
.TH mod_mono 0.x "mod_mono 0.x"
.SH NAME
mod_mono \- apache module that enables ASP.NET pages. Works together with mod-mono-server.exe
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fImod_mono\fP is a simple module that works with both 1.3 and 2.0
versions of apache.
.PP
It needs mod-mono-server.exe installed on the system. By default, it
will attemp to run mod-mono-server.exe if it doesn't find it's running.
The runtime contains a native code generator that transforms the
Common Intermediate Language into native code.
.SH CONFIGURATION DIRECTIVES
.TP
.I "MonoUnixSocket"
It accepts a file name as argument. That file will be a named pipe
used to send/receive data from/to mod_mono to/from mod-mono-server.
Default value: "/tmp/mod_mono_server".
.TP
.I "MonoRunXSP"
If the value is True, it tells mod_mono to spawn mod-mono-server.exe
if it's not already running. If set to False, mod_mono won't do
that.
Default value: True
.TP
.I "MonoExecutablePath (used only when MonoRunXSP is True)"
The full path to mono executable.
Default value: "/usr/bin/mono"
.TP
.I "MonoPath (used only when MonoRunXSP is True)"
This value will be used to set the MONO_PATH environment variable.
Default value: ""
.TP
.I "MonoServerPath (used only when MonoRunXSP is True)"
The full path to mod-mono-server.exe.
Default value: "/usr/bin/mod-mono-server.exe"
.TP
.I "MonoApplications (used only when MonoRunXSP is True)"
This value will be passed to mod-mono-server.exe in the
--applications option. It is
.I mandatory
if MonoRunXSP is True.
.TP
.I "MonoWapiDir"
The directory where mono runtime will create the ".wapi" directory
used to emulate windows I/O. It's used to set MONO_SHARED_DIR.
Default value: "/tmp"
.SH SAMPLE CONFIGURATION
For Apache 1.3, with mod-mono-server.exe from package xsp installed in
prefix=/usr:
.nf
      LoadModule mono_module /usr/lib/apache/1.3/libmod_mono.so
      AddModule mod_mono.c
      Alias /mono "/usr/share/doc/xsp/test"
      MonoApplications "/mono:/usr/share/doc/xsp/test"
      <Directory /usr/share/doc/xsp/test>
              SetHandler mono
              <IfModule mod_dir.c>
                    DirectoryIndex index.aspx
              </IfModule>
      </Directory>
.fi
For Apache 2.0, with mod-mono-server.exe from package xsp installed in
prefix=/usr:
.nf
      LoadModule mono_module modules/libmod_mono.so
      Alias /mono "/usr/share/doc/xsp/test"
      MonoApplications "/mono:/usr/share/doc/xsp/test"
      <Directory /usr/share/doc/xsp/test>
              SetHandler mono
      </Directory>
.fi
.SH ENVIRONMENT VARIABLES
.TP
It may modify MONO_PATH, PATH and MONO_SHARED_DIR.
.SH FILES
.PP
httpd.conf
.SH MAILING LISTS
Visit http://mail.ximian.com/mailman/mono-list for details.
.SH WEB SITE
Visit: http://www.go-mono.com for details
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR mcs(1), mono(1), xsp(1)

